today's video is brought to you by ex
period hey guy welcome back to
youtube.com a website I made on accident
while trying to buy a pair of shoes from
Amazon in today's video I hope to
finally prove once and for all that I do
know how to resew you might remember a
couple months ago I made a video about
the hook tap mostly just because I was
really tired of seeing their ads all the
time specifically this one there's a
rumor going around that Trevor Holt has
the biggest yeah
no I was very happy that this video went
on to become one of my most viewed I
actually got really worried while making
it I always get in my head when I'm
editing my videos but with this one
specifically I came up with this
conspiracy theory that hooked wasn't
actually showing this ad to everyone
like I assumed they did they were only
showing this ad to me and so then when I
went to make a video about how annoying
the ad was everyone was just gonna be
like I don't know what you're talking
about I've never seen this ad thankfully
that's not true most of you were like
yes I'm tired of this ad as well and
glad you made a video about this so
lucked out there anyway I'm here for
part two of this video because Trevor
and the virgin are back kind of past
couple weeks some people have been
reaching out to me saying hey there's a
sequel to The Trevor and the Virgin
story the long awaited sequel the very
much needed sequel even though the first
one was like an 11 minute long movie
that totally buttoned itself up at the
ends not like there was like a
cliffhanger something that had to be
resolved maybe this is actually where
the conspiracy theory comes true maybe
they did only make the sequel so I would
see it and make another video about it
well joke's on you hooked app that's
exactly what I'm doing now I had to
reinstall the hooked app for this I did
delete it after the last one not before
getting charged again cuz I forgot to
cancel whatever you downloaded the app
and I was a little disappointed to find
out that it's not another video it's
just a regular story that you gotta read
but then I realized wait no that's even
better because the only thing more fun
than watching these cringy awful stories
is getting to voice act them myself now
some of the first story real quick in
case you forgot from the first video or
if you just never saw the first video
basically Trevor in the version part one
was a story about Martha and this guy
Trevor she didn't like Trevor at first
she liked this other guy drew long horn
yeah
but then she and Trevor go to a party
together they find out drew is actually
kind of a jerk and then they kiss very
much so that's where we left off the
version is no longer a virgin thanks to
Trevor and they're madly in love happily
ever after right apparently not because
part two starts with Martha pretty mad
at Trevor and I'm excited to find out
why I've only read like the first 20
percent of the story so let's keep got
rumor has it that every girl on campus
once drew long horn every girl except me
now I could have sworn that I owned a
cowboy hat I don't know why I was so
sure that I did cuz I don't
but this Fedora will have to do Martha
what's up girl you're looking good today
I give him a once-over he looks the same
as he always does which you could pretty
much say about every person I drew pulls
out the chair across from me and sits
down at my table then he flashes his
infamous smile so uh what are you doing
here I look down at my sandwich then
blink up at him eating lunch he doesn't
catch my sarcasm did I seriously have a
crush on this guy who will cool so why'd
you leave the party early last weekend
things were just getting good between
them I resist the urge to roll my eyes
clearly he doesn't remember putting his
tongue down Tiller's throat I had to UM
study speaking of I better get to class
I go to stand up but he puts a hand on
my arm to stop me what was there what's
the rush I wanted to ask you something
you got any plans tomorrow I narrow my
eyes with suspicion why the wet party
yeah it really says the wet party
that's what the party is called the wet
party I want you to go that gets my
attention the wet party is the most
exclusive pool party on campus only the
most popular students get invited and it
sounds like I just got in really I clear
my throat to hide my surprise I have to
play it cool uh maybe what time starts
at noon
Delta house he reaches in his pocket and
pulls out a ticket
his smile widens in challenge as he
holds it out you and the part of me
wants to decline a wild party like this
isn't exactly my scene but then I think
about everything that happened last
weekend and I know I'm up for his
challenge and I bring a friend depends
is your friend a girl yes he grins wider
still then pulls out a second ticket
then the more the merrier
but there's one rule what's that hot
bathing suits only none of that
conservative crap did he just I my
outfit I not hiding my reaction I leaned
forward to grab the tickets but then I
stopped myself cuz there's one thing I
need to know first um do you know if
Trevor's going Drewes quiet for a moment
his gaze is uncharacteristically shrewd
as it scans my face I heard he has other
plans I reach out and eagerly grab the
tickets then I'm hid later that day I
pull a velvet thong bikini from the rack
and hold it up to assess myself in the
store mere whoa this is certainly sexy
enough but can a girl like me really
pull it off my best friend's whispered
hiss interrupts my thoughts
whispered hiss I guess her best friend
is a snake you can't seriously expect me
to go to this party I turned to face her
why not I think it'll be fun she gives
me an incredulous look it makes her
glasses wait hold on it makes her
glasses slip down her nose Vaughn since
when do you consider skivvy pool parties
fun seriously those things are
straight-up meat markets I think I'm
gonna ditch the snake thing with this
character usually on weekends I can
barely tear you away from your science
books oh my god I just feel like doing
something different okay she crosses her
arms she can tell I'm hiding something
and knows me too wait if I'm her best
friend and I know her too well why
wasn't I in the first one they even
mentioned me in the first one and that
was like a week ago so now I'm the best
friend we met like three days ago and I
know her
well and I'm her best friend yeah okay
what's this really about Martha oh wait
what the [__] no no I forgot I'm not
gonna pay you money hooked you got ten
dollars for me already and that was ten
dollars too much if you ask me even
though a lot of people watch the video I
made about you and I definitely made
that money back but still it was too
much okay it's the principle of it
fine if I have to wait 13 minutes then
I'll wait
13 minutes hi Taco Bell yeah I'd like to
order a pizza
yeah you can put me on hold
[Music]
three nothing to see here just folding
my clothes not plugging anything for a
while oh wait the time anyway what's
this really about Martha you've been
acting weird all week does this have
anything to do with Trevor Holt no I
gave her a southern accent but I'm gonna
roll with it I blow out a long breath
it absolutely got but I haven't wanted
to say anything out loud deciding I need
to tell her the whole truth I gather my
courage and finally meet her gaze no I
told you about our kiss last night yeah
you know afterward Trevor turned me down
what do you mean I asked him did you
know I feel my face heat I can't say the
words but Deb apparently doesn't have
the same problem oh my god you asked him
to take your virginity you I didn't say
it like that
I asked him if he wanted to sleep with
me and then he turned me down to have
rears back in shock this time her
glasses fall off her face what after the
kiss we went into my room we talked for
hours and then I rub a hand over my face
trying not to let my humiliation take
hold and then that was it I put sex on
the table and he bolted Trevor Holt
bolted Trevor Holt ba dev looks floored
and I don't blame what Trevor never runs
away from sex
he runs toward it he's the guy with the
would not stay involved I know his
reputation you don't have to remind me I
put my head into my hands he'd been so
nice to me that night dad we connected
we had chemistry oh god I really put
myself out there when I told him that I
wanted him I squeezed my eyes shot with
embarrassment and now whatever I'm over
it it was probably for the best I don't
even know what I was thinking he doesn't
sleep with girls like me yeah girls like
me because you know I read science books
on Saturday night Deb's face falls then
she pulls me into a hug it's his loss
Martha forget him seriously let's go to
this party really really we're gonna
have a blast at the party of the year
you don't need some stupid football
player to do that then she posted a
bikini I've been eyeing from the rack go
with this one it's totally your coat
I knew the wet party was gonna be wild
but as we step through the doors and
into the backyard of the frat house I
realize it's not just wild its untamed
shirtless guys are guzzling beer girls
and bright bikinis of every color
sprinkled the law is pure unadulterated
chaos everywhere I look a grin spreads
across my face this is exactly what I
knew Dorothy we're not in Kansas anymore
I guess she's British now I don't know I
laugh haha no we are now let's but my
words get stuck when I look to the left
is there he is
the boy that isn't supposed to be here
my breath leaves my body in a whoosh he
looks just as good as I remember strong
arms corded with muscle wide solid
shoulders and bright piercing blue eyes
my heart starts galloping and my chest
I don't want to see Trevor I swear I
don't want to see Trevor but I can't
seem to look away wait that's the end of
the episode oh my god how long is this
that's only part 1 of 5 drew walks up to
me effectively blocking my view of
Trevor and putting an end to our heated
stare - Martha you made it I forced
myself not to peer around him but I
bounced on my toes feeling fidgety ears
are over there in the coolers but you
look like you need something stronger he
holds up a shot when I toss it back
instantly
death gives me I guess I shouldn't be
where dad gives me a look I'm gonna grab
us a cup of water be right back I nod
what are you doing here Martha I stiffen
and very slowly bring my gaze to
Trevor's he's standing the sides drew
hands on his hip
god he looks hot but he humiliated me
last week so you know what screw him I
have every right to be here I can have
just as much fun as the next girl in
fact I deserve it hello to you too
Trevor and for your information I was
invited here is that a problem
drew throws Trevor a smug grin
not date none of your concern he puts an
arm around my shoulder and I do my best
not to cringe but I falter under the
weight of Trevor's knowing stare
I turned to drew are there any more
shots your wish is my command he come
and then he rides his horse to the
vehicle a date with drew really part of
me once Trevor to be jealous but his
stare is boring into my soul and I can't
help it I have to be honest it's not a
date drew invited me and I said yes
that's all there is to it Trevor crosses
his arms over his well-defined chess I
guess I'm just surprised I thought this
sort of party wasn't really your thing
my cheeks turn red but I try to appear
nonchalant maybe now it is could have
fooled me
you look uncomfortable he continues
glowering at me and I can't figure out
what his problem is what happened to the
laid-back fun-loving guy I [__] I mean
that last weekend is my presence
bothering him that much my voice Rises
with my time maybe I'm uncomfortable
because you're glaring at me and I have
no idea what I did wrong he blows out of
breath then he looks around seeming
annoy stop worrying Trevor I don't
expect you to babysit me like last time
I can take care of myself
are you sure about that cuz this party
gets pretty crazy and
don't want me to what have fun live a
little seriously what's your problem
with me being here his nostrils flavor
I'm worried about you cuz you don't go
to parties like this you hear I'm what
Trevor say it he's just about to respond
but a familiar voice calls his name's
we're setting a beer pong be my partner
I wear a scarf to a pool party guys I
was out of hats I'm sorry too really
suddenly by my side again two shots in
his hands beer pong sounds perfect I'm
Way too sober right now and that needs
to be remedied you down Martha I take a
shot from Drew's hand and toss it back
I can feel Trevor's Cod stare on me the
whole time drew puts an arm around my
shoulder again when we walk away I've
got it I'm sorry guys I'm getting lost
with all these characters we walk away
Trevor follows he stares as drew and I
set up one side of the table and he's
forced to go to the other Atilla runs a
hand down his arm then her eyes snag on
me
recognition fills her gaze and her red
upper lip curls with disgust you again
she points a long nail in my direction
you better watch yourself
Trevor pushes her arm dad be quiet
Atilla drew just laughs god I can't come
on we all just want to have a good time
his arm slithers down my waist and I see
Trevor's eyes lock on the movement when
drew starts to bring his lips towards my
neck
Trevor claps his hands together loudly
startling everyone Longhorn switch sides
with me the glare is too strong over
here I can't see the Suns in my eyes
pila narrows her eyes where are your
sunglasses must've misplaced them drill
drill blinks once pinch rug sign with me
I can see you better from down there
anyway I force a tight smile but when
Trevor walks over the smile fades I hate
this new tension between us but I don't
know how to fix it I suddenly feel til
his eyes on me again
drew might not have cared about the
partner switch but I can tell she isn't
happy
her hands are crossed and under her
ample chest you know not every detail is
necessary she looks me up and down from
head to toe smirking in my conservative
sundress and then she smiles wickedly I
say we make this more interesting let's
raise this stage
Drew's eyes drop to her cleavage what is
your boob set I mean what did you have
in mind
drip beer but if I have to start taking
things off you won't know which
character is which I'm game how does it
work every time drew or I sink a cup one
of you has to remove an article of
clothes and she licks her lips at Trevor
and vice versa
I shrug trying to look casual sounds
easy now I strew until a finish setting
up their cups
Trevor puts a hand on my own I don't
think this is such a good idea
I swing angry eyes his way what is it
playing strip beer pong or me coming to
this party in the first place that's not
what I mean it's not that I don't want
you here or that I don't think you
belong he pauses to rub a hand over it
you're a sweet girl Martha and most of
the people here are not I don't want you
to get hurt I'm 21 years old Trevor just
like you I'm not some delicate flower
and if anyone has hurt me here it's you
crack I didn't mean to blurt that last
part I'll trevor his chest expands as he
sucks in sharp breath how did that
luckily drew interrupts before you can
fend for ever let's face off he tosses a
ping-pong ball to our side of the table
Trevor catches a ball easily and sets up
again through but when they both throw
the ball it's Trevor's that goes into
the cup drew just shrugs good-naturedly
that's what I get for going up against
the quarterback and he takes full
advantage of the situation he pulls his
shirt over his head in slow motion and
yeah though his body is kind of a
masterpiece
I can barely suppress an eye roll all
right our ball hope you guys are ready
to get naked
[Music]
what am i doing okay I'm actually gonna
skip a little bit of this cuz I would
feel really uncomfortable reading it to
you basically Martha's like the first
person who has to you know strip off
something then she gets all nervous cuz
you know she doesn't want people to see
her tits and butt but then she freaks
out goes inside and dab is there and
she's like no you can do this as she
builds up the courage and goes back
outside and says this Atilla
you said top or bottom how about both
and then she she gets fully naked which
I get were the story's coming from it's
like oh she built up the confidence but
strictly from like the game point of
view you just lost but anyway she gets
naked and jumps in the pool and then
everyone gets naked and jumps in the
pool and then Trevor gets naked and
jumps in the pool and then they kiss and
then they put their clothes back on and
they leave and then she goes back to her
dorm and it ends exactly the same way
that the first one did with them closing
the door and implying that they had sex
so I can only assume that they didn't
have sex and there will be a part three
and I will not make a video about it I'm
done hooked I'm done with you all so I
did just realize this was an audio story
that did have voice acting but after
listening to a few seconds of that I
realized it was probably better that I
did it myself
he laughs loudly and spins me around
flash' in conclusion the hooked app what
do we think of it now two months ago I
was very quick to say that the hook tap
was not worth the money because there
simply wasn't enough content on it and
now that some time has passed and
they've added more content the new
question is is hooked now worth $5 a
well I give this habit n out of 10
thumbs down normally this would be the
end of the video but I'm still bitter
about the fact that I spent money on
this app and I'd like to get it back
with a brandy hi
I'm famous youtuber drew Gooden and I'd
like to say a few words at your face
life is full of obstacles some
times you'll be reading a really cool
and awesome story but then the app
you're on makes you wait 13 minutes to
read the rest sometimes you'll be trying
to get out of your garage but you can't
because there's a skateboard in the way
and sometimes you might run into
financial obstacles like having a low
credit score and look I totally
understand why you are probably about to
click out this video right now no one
wants to talk about credit scores I
didn't want to talk about my credit
score and then I tried to apply for an
apartment and they made me pay a higher
security deposit because my credit score
sucked and then I wanted to talk about
credit scores but it was too late so
today I just want to talk to you real
quick about something called Experian
bust a free way to potentially boost
your credit score in a matter of minutes
just by doing the things you're already
doing paying your bills on time your
utilities your cell phone bill and did I
mention it's free Experian boost can
potentially help you establish or
increase your access to credit it's safe
its secure and it's a hundred percent
free no credit card required used to
take months in order to increase your
credit score now you can do it instantly
most people who use boost see an
increase of ten points or greater in a
matter of minutes some obstacles in life
are completely insurmountable and you
can feel hopeless trying to get around
them yourself but now there's a way to
boost your FICO score instantly for free
boost is only available at experienced
calm / drew or you can click the link in
the description box people all across
America already raise their credit
scores using Experian boost and I invite
you to do the same so if you could RSVP
as soon as possible that'd be great my
mom he said no how many cupcakes just I
mean thank you so much to experience for
sponsoring today's video and I will see
all of you guys at the wet party
[Music]
[Applause]